[FEMALE] I'm begging you! Let me
have some of Master Soma's wine!
Just a sip! Please,
one sip is all I need!
[MALE] Please! We
can't live without it!
[GUARD] There's no wine
for you! I said get lost!
[ZANIS] Master Soma, it's Zanis.
[ZANIS] The missing Liliruca
Arde has finally returned to us.
[ZANIS] She has seen the error
of her ways and will devote
herself to the Familia‐
Master! I beg you!
Please allow me to
leave the Familia!
Master Soma!
[ZANIS] Honestly...!
(LILI gasps)
I assumed you were
smarter than that.
Listen here... If you wish
to leave, you must provide
compensation.
It's that simple.
Compensation?
Oh yes... It is only proper
to repay Master Soma
for the generosity he has
shown you over the years.
I believe around ten million
valis would be appropriate.
Ten million?!
There's no way I
can get that much!
[ZANIS] Is that
fair, Master Soma?
I leave it all to you.
(LILI disbelief)
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[ZANIS]
You're a pathetic fool, Arde.
[ZANIS] Our god only concerns
himself with his wine.
You can beg and plead all
you want, but he'll never
listen to you.
[ZANIS] Besides, leaving the
Familia goes against our little
agreement, does it not?
[ZANIS] I finally
found you, Arde.
(LILI gasp) (terrified)
[LILI] Master Zanis...
I'm glad to see you're
in good health.
I'd heard through the
grapevine you were deceased.
(LILI terrified)
[LILI] Why?! Why are you working
with the Apollo Familia?!
Aside from the fact that
they sought our help,
we have a very good reason
for joining this skirmish.
[LILI] Which is...?
[ZANIS] To take you back.. Arde.
(LILI gasp)
[ZANIS] You are an invaluable
member of our Familia.
[ZANIS] We can't stand idly by
while another steals you.
[ZANIS] We are well
within our rights!
[LILI] You're doing this...
because of me?
(LILI startled)
[ZANIS] Do not fret, Arde.
[ZANIS] You were deceived,
threatened, and abused by
the Hestia Familia.
We will take care of them.
[LILI] Please... stop this.
I'll do anything
if you just leave Master
Bell and the others alone!
And I will.. even go back to
Master Soma! So please, no more!
[ZANIS] Our men
have pulled back,
so we held up our
end of the bargain.
[ZANIS] It'd be wise to return
the favor and serve the Familia.
And what exactly is it
that you want me to do?
We know you possess a peculiar
sort of transformation magic.
(gasp) How'd
you know that?
[ZANIS] Master Soma informed me.
[ZANIS] He may only care about
wine, but he still listens to
his second‐in‐command.
(LILI slight anger)
I'm going to work you
into the ground,
both for myself and for
the benefit of our Familia.
(evil laughter)
(LILI anger)
[ZANIS] Don't you go anywhere.
[CHANDRA] Hmph.
[WOMAN A] It's almost time!
It won't be long
now, I can't wait.
[CHLOE] The War
Game's coming up.
I wonder how
that'll play out.
Everyone seems to think that
Lady Hestia isn't gonna
show up to the meeting
with the other gods.
Meow that you mention it,
I haven't seen Mr. White
Hair around recently.
You don't think they're
planning to skip town, do you?
[SYR] Mr. Bell won't run away.
[ANYA & CHLOE] Oh?
No, not him. He would never.
[ANYA] Yeah.. You're
probably right. Mmhm.
Well we'll be
rooting for him.
(SYR concern)
[HESTIA] I finally got a
lead on where they're
keeping Miss Supporter.
She's at one of Soma's
storehouses near the canal.
[HESTIA] They have a
wine shipment scheduled
to go out tomorrow.
[HESTIA] We're going to wait
for security to die down at
night and then make our move.
I understand...
but Lady Hestia, may I
ask one quick question?
[HESTIA] What is it, Ouka?
I would have to assume... your
top priority is winning the War
Game, yes?
[OUKA] I just feel rescuing
Liliruca Arde will do nothing to
help you defeat your enemies.
Are you sure... it's in your
best interest to be worrying
about her right now?
Hey you, watch it.
[HESTIA] Without her, Bell
won't stand a chance.
(NAAZA reaction)
(fighting)
[HESTIA] He's out there right
now, desperately trying to get
stronger for the War Game.
And knowing Bell, if we
don't save his Supporter,
then there's no way he'll be
able to focus on the fight
that's ahead of him.
[HESTIA] He knows the
weakness of being alone...
[HESTIA] and the strength that
comes from having friends.
[HESTIA] Besides, I promised.
I told him to let me worry about
getting her back.
And as a goddess, I can't
go back on my word.
[HESTIA] All of
this is connected.
If I can rescue Liliruca.
Bell will, in turn,
grow stronger.
[HESTIA] And I could
use all your help.
I got your back, lil lady.
[MIKOTO] I'm in.
[OUKA] Let's do it!
We're with you!
(HESTIA satisfied)
(APOLLO frustrated!)
Is Hestia toying with me?!
Don't tell me she's
postponing again?!
She fell ill.
It's out of our control.
Apparently she's been
fighting a severe fever
ever since the day you sent
your children after her.
She's totally fakin' it.
The lyin' lil' shrimp's just
waiting to make a break for it
in the middle of the night!
(GODS laughter)
I have had just about
enough of this charade.
I suppose the Guild will have no
choice but to declare the war a
forfeit at this point.
(GODS disappointed)
(doors open)
(GODS notice)
Hey! I'm sorry I'm late.
[APOLLO] I want to make one
thing perfectly clear.
If we win, we get Bell. No
wigglings, loop‐holes or vetos.
And if we win
the War Game?
I will do whatever
you desire.
Hey Scribe... Make sure
you got that all down.
Now you're gonna have to decide
how you two will duke it out.
And you better not pick
something too boring.
(GODS agreement)
Considering that Bell
is my only child...
What about a one‐on‐one
battle between two delegates?
(scoffs) Your lack of
members is a result of
your lethargic nature.
Asking me to accommodate
that would be unfair.
(annoyed)
[APOLLO] Perhaps we should
gain perspective
by hearing the
opinions of others.
How about if we collect
some suggestions and
draw one at random?
And you're sure about
leaving this up to me...?
I trust you'll be neutral.
Go ahead, have at it.
I'm counting on
you, Hermes!
Yikes, oh boy.
(shock)
It's... a castle siege...
Huh!?
(laughter)
Wonderful! Well,
then that settles it.
I won't humor any
arguments, Hestia.
(HESTIA angry)
Out of all those choices,
why'd it have to be that one?
Yeah no kidding.
He just had to choose a battle
where numbers matter most.
Defending a castle
singlehandedly would
be next to impossible.
As such, you may take
the offensive, Hestia.
(HESTIA exaggerated
irritation)
May I.. make a suggestion?
[HERMES] Now, I realize I don't
exactly have room to talk...
[HERMES] but this whole thing
seems a bit one‐sided...
Would you be willing to allow
Hestia some outside assistance?
Denied! Foreign help
for the warring
Familias is forbidden.
Violating the rules
would be both an insult and
affront to‐ (interrupted)
[FREYA] Are you afraid, Apollo?
(irritated)
The idea of a few extra bodies
appears to have shaken
your confidence.
Is the trust in your own
children's abilities really that
temperamental, dear? (hmph)
[GOD A] Yeah, what she said!
[GOD B] Lady Freya has a point!
(GODS various agreement)
[HESTIA] Freya...
[GODS, chanting] Give her help!
Give her help! Give her help!
(appalled) Hey, do not mock me!
[APOLLO] Okay fine. I will
graciously allow it.
[HERMES] Whew!
However, only one helper!
And that individual must belong
to a Familia outside of Orario!
[APOLLO] How doth you
favor them apples?
Trivial.
Very.
He's so petty.
[HESTIA] We're clearly
at a disadvantage...
but considering the
whole situation,
I'm really grateful Bell's
getting at least a little
bit of help.
Do you know who you're
going to ask yet?
Finding an experienced
adventurer outside of
Orario will be tough.
I have one idea.
And I'll have to leave the
negotiations to Hermes.
[HESTIA] We'll worry about
that later though...
First we have to focusing on
rescuing Miss Supporter!
How are you feeling
today, Arde?
I'm miserable.
I need you to
absolutely swear to me
you called your dogs off of
Master Bell and everyone else.
Yes, I wouldn't lie.
More importantly, I've come
up with our next sting.
We're going to use that
transformation magic of
yours to bring in some cash.
That's what this is all about?
You mean you singled me out
just to make a quick buck?
And sent people to hurt
Master Bell and Lady
Hestia and my friends...
[ZANIS] What's so
wrong with that?!
[ZANIS] I want Master Soma's
special wine!
[ZANIS] Money and women
and the finest cuisine...
I want all the pleasures this
miserable world has to offer!
(LILI startled)
You don't know how much
I love this Familia!
I can commit crimes all day
long and our benevolent god
doesn't give a flying shit!
I do whatever I want!
It is the perfect setup!
Your mask is slipping.
Whoopsie.
Regardless, you will cooperate.
We'll go to the Dungeon tomorrow
morning, bright and early.
(bells in the distance)
[ZANIS] Uh... hm?
[ZANIS] What's that?
(LILI gasp)
Seems a pack of rats snuck in.
And it looks like they
got a young goddess with 'em.
(LILI gasp)
I see. We'll just have to
exterminate the vermin.
[LILI] Wait! But what
about your promise?!
You said you wouldn't hurt
Lady Hestia and the others!
But they're here to attack
us, Arde. I have no choice.
If you hurt them.
I will never help you!
(LILI fear)
[ZANIS] Oh? Then perhaps
I'll force some wine down
your throat.
(LILI gasp)
[ZANIS] You'll soon become a
slave to your desire for more...
(LILI drunken bliss)
[ZANIS] You remember it,
don't you? That bliss...
(pain/wincing)
Very well then. Keep
an eye on her, Chandra.
(CHANDRA annoyed sigh)
Smug bastard.
(LILI angry)
[LILI, internal] I've got
to find a way out of here
so I can help Lady Hestia
and the others escape.
(keys clattering on the floor)
(LILI notice)
But why...?
I don't much care
for that prick.
I ain't gonna say nothin'.
Do whatever you like.
(takes a swig)
(LILI panting)
(gasp)
(fighting)
[LILI] Master Welf...
And even Lady Mikoto...!
Please go home!
Master Welf! Everybody!
Hey! Liliruca! You okay?!
Please don't worry about me!
You have to get out of here
right now!
[HESTIA] Not gonna happen!
We're not leaving this place
without you!
Just go...
I didn't want to cause
any more trouble...
I didn't want you to
get caught up in all this.
You should just leave me here.
[HESTIA] You don't get it!
Bell needs you!
(LILI gasp)
Has there ever been one
time when he's given up
on you, Lili?!
[HESTIA] Did you really think
he wouldn't be worried if you
disappeared all of a sudden?!
He cares about you!
[LILI] But this..
[LILI] This is all my
fault that Master Bell and
all of you are having
to deal with this mess!
And none of that stuff matters
now! We are about to fight a War
Game with the Apollo Familia!
(LILI shock)
(fighting)
[HESTIA] As we speak, Bell is
training his butt off,
doing whatever it
takes to get stronger!
[HESTIA] I am telling you...
it's because he believes you're
going to come back home that
he's able to push himself!
[HESTIA] Bell is
waiting for you!
(LILI choked up)
[HESTIA] It's not just that.
Everyone else is pushing
themselves just as hard!
Help us! Do it for Bell! He
needs you now more than ever!
(LILI choked up)
(running/whimper)
(internal) Lady Hestia...
and Master Bell...
I just don't understand!
What does she mean? He "needs"
me?! I don't deserve it... I'm
worthless...!
[LILI, internal] Why would she
say he needs me?!
Of all people, why
does she insist on me?!
(internal) Wh‐why?!
(LILI panting)
Master..! I humbly ask for you
to please put a stop to the
fighting in the courtyard at
once!
Find it within your heart to
spare them! Lady Hestia and
the others don't deserve this!
Please!
I am begging you, Master Soma!
I don't care what happens
to me as a result.
[LILI] Just spare Lady
Hestia... and my friends!
(gasp)
[SOMA] What merit is there in
the words of a child
so easily consumed
by a lust for wine?
(LILI whimper)
(LILI gasp)
I‐is that... is that
your wine? (gasp)
If you can drink this and
still make the same request..
I'll hear you out.
(LILI heavy breathing)
[LILI, internal] I have
to drink it... I have to...!
[LILI, internal]
For Master Bell...!
(LILI determined) (gulping)
(catches breath)
(LILI drunken bliss)
(LILI content)
(gasp)
[LILI] P....please...
[SOMA] Hmm?
Stop the bloodshed!
Please, Master Soma!
I want to help the people
fighting down there!
What the hell are you
doing here, Arde?!
[LILI] I know deep down inside..
[LILI] This is the moment I
was born for! This is my path!
(crying)
Every single mistake I've
ever made in my life has
led me to this day!
This time, I have to be the
one to help my friends!
[LILI] Please stop the fighting!
You mustn't listen to her
drivel, Master Soma!
We're under attack by enemy
forces, this is no time‐
(surprised)
[SOMA] Hush, Zanis.
Stop fighting... at once.
(surprised)
[ZANIS] Wait what...?
He actually.. gave
orders...? (anger)
[ZANIS] Then I'll enjoy
killing you instead!
[LILI] Huh?
Gah!
(WELF charging)
(comedic faint)
[WELF] (satisfied) Vacation's
over, Lil' Bit. Pack up.
(LILI happy)
Master. Thank you from the
bottom of my heart.
Will you please... hear
me out, one last time?
[LILI] I want to thank you, Lady
Hestia.
If it's okay with you,
I'm gonna run ahead so
I can properly thank
Miss Mikoto and the others.
Sure.. I'll join you
guys in a minute.
(HESTIA smile)
[SOMA] Hestia..
(HESTIA notice)
[SOMA] Did I.. really bestow
my blessing upon that child?
[HESTIA] Yes.. you did.
[HESTIA] While you were wrapped
up in that leisurely hobby of
yours,
she was alone and in pain.
[HESTIA] You put that little
girl through hell, and now she's
stronger because of it.
[HESTIA] You might take a
long, hard look at what
that says about you.
[HESTIA] Thank you all
so much for your help!
Don't forget... the real
battle is just ahead.
Right. I'll do my best to help,
but we're still nowhere near
the Apollo Familia in terms of
strength or numbers.
I'll see ya' around!
Let's call it
a night. Yeah?
We should head out..
uh right, Master?
Oh, right.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] I really do want
to help Hestia.. but I'm not
exactly sure what I can do.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI]
There must be some way...
(thinking hard)
[MIKOTO] I have a request,
Master Takemikazuchi.
Hmm?
Please sir.
May I join the Hestia Familia?
To help Master Bell?
(surprised)
[HEPHAISTOS] So you're telling
me you want to convert to the
Hestia Familia?
And you think that I'll just
allow such a selfish request
on your behalf?
Honestly, the goddess I know and
love, would be furious with me..
if I didn't give this a try.
[HEPHAISTOS] What happened to
wanting to create a weapon more
powerful than magic swords?
Well, as long that
passion's inside me.
I can forge weapons
anywhere. Know who I
learned that from? You...
(HEPHAISTOS sigh)
One last question:
Why are you so bent on doing
this? I need to know.
For my friends.
(HEPHAISTOS sigh)
[HERMES] Pretty please... Ryu!
[HERMES] You are the only member
who meets all the criteria that
Apollo set forth!
I promise to make sure no one
finds out who you are! Please!
Come on, do it for
me. Please Ryu!
I don't think Mama Mia's gonna
be too happy about this.
(sparring)
[BELL] There!
(BELL pained / heavy breathing)
[AIS] You rushed in.
[AIS] Monsters and people
fight very differently.
[AIS] Monsters will
attack relentlessly.
[TIONA] Mm‐hm.
People observe their
opponent and wait for
a chance to strike.
And whenever they see an
opening... their movements
will become easy to predict.
[AIS] Much like
yours were just now.
(BELL react, disappointed)
[AIS] I learned
something a long time ago.
Landing the final blow, is a
step away from one's own demise.
[AIS] Your best chance
is to catch them
the moment they think
they've bested you.
[AIS] Don't forget that.
[BELL] Right! Thank you!
[FREYA] I had been toying with
the idea of eliminating Apollo
if he kept up with his pompous
foolishness, but...
[FREYA] I'll refrain.
I'd be a drab deity
if I weren't a bit interested in
seeing how this all plays out...
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "War Game."